 

THE LAUNCH PACK REQUIRES THE VERSION 1.3 OF THE EXCALIBUR


Title		: Excalibur Carries Pack
Filename	: DYExcaliburCarriesPack.rar
Version	: 1.0
Date		: 02/08/2002
Author	: Sci-Fi DreamYards
URL		: http://www.darkdrone.perooz.com/dreamyards

"IMPORTENT U NEED THE NEWEST LAUNCHING FRAMEWORK by SLEIGHT42"

heres a link to it

http://dynamic3.gamespy.com/~bridgecommander/vbforums/attachment.php?s=&postid=73514

most importend: read the readme of the framework first!!!


Credits	
-------------	
Type 11
Textures		: Cpt. LC Amaral
Mesh 			: Cpt. LC Amaral
Hardpoints		: Executioner_de

Type 9
Textures		:Redragon
Mesh		:Redragon
BC Port		:Darkdrone
Hardpoints		:Laurelin

Danube
Textures		:Redragon
Mesh		:Redragon
BC Port		:Sci-Fi Dreamyards
Hardpoints		:Magic ™, Executioner_de, Brownillini
mod specs
-----------
mod			: Yes 
break 		: yes
LODs			: yes
Illumination	: yes 
Specullar		: yes

Also Included
-----------



Description of the Modification
-------------------------------

an original model created in studio max and converted using SDK plugin

Technical Details
-----------------
Tested in Bridge Commander 1.1

Known Bugs
----------

-none

Steps to install
----------------

Install the ship with the ”Bridge Commander Mod Installer”


Copyright and Distribution Permissions
--------------------------------------
THIS MODEL(S) IS NOT MADE, DISTRIBUTED, OR SUPPORTED BY Activision
 TM & (C) INTERPLAY & PARAMOUNT PICTURES.

Copyright notices: 

Star Trek, Bridge Commander, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: The Next Generation,
Star Trek: Voyager (and the various logo devices used in them) are copyright Paramount Pictures,
as are the characters, related images, and sound from the productions.

Star wars and all ships, related images and sound are copyright by Lucas Arts. 

Babylon5 and all ships, related images and sound are copyright by Warner Bros.

Please do not modify this file or the included texture with out seeking the authors permission.
it is just polite.
