{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1046\deflangfe1046{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1046\langfe1046\cgrid\langnp1046\langfenp1046 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1046\langfe1046\cgrid\langnp1046\langfenp1046 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid6180203 Plain Text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid4588656 Hyperlink;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid400485688\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2048661298\'01-;}{\levelnumbers;}\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af0\fbias0 \fi-360\li720
\jclisttab\tx720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid68550659\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid68550661\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23
\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid68550657\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880\lin2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid68550659\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600\lin3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0
{\leveltext\leveltemplateid68550661\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320\lin4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\leveltemplateid68550657\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040\lin5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid68550659
\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760\lin5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid68550661\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}
\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480\lin6480 }{\listname ;}\listid1045836624}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1045836624\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid481457\rsid529359\rsid735780\rsid1656695\rsid1980232\rsid3426615\rsid4331164
\rsid4402314\rsid4475839\rsid4588656\rsid5064965\rsid5202917\rsid5402396\rsid5909722\rsid6180203\rsid6244609\rsid6651871\rsid7157860\rsid8222273\rsid8802493\rsid9641121\rsid9789219\rsid9905757\rsid9991686\rsid11021811\rsid11283980\rsid11679418
\rsid12131728\rsid13058831\rsid14052192\rsid14487004\rsid14568637\rsid14620400\rsid15017059\rsid15028980\rsid15079954\rsid15103495\rsid15215048\rsid16126319\rsid16336510\rsid16409631\rsid16416707}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6568;}{\info
{\title --------------------------------------------------}{\author Fernando Omar Aluani}{\operator Fernando Omar Aluani}{\creatim\yr2006\mo12\dy6\hr23\min26}{\revtim\yr2007\mo5\dy25\hr19\min6}{\version11}{\edmins209}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords2239}
{\nofchars12096}{\*\company Rewasvat Corp.}{\nofcharsws14307}{\vern24579}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1152\margr1152\margt1417\margb1417 
\deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1152\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot14052192\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid6180203\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15079954 \fs24\lang1046\langfe1046\cgrid\langnp1046\langfenp1046 {\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid15079954\charrsid15079954 
--------------------------------------------------------------------
\par          USS Frontier\rquote s GravityFX v1.0
\par                                   by Fernando Aluani aka USS Frontier\tab  
\par --------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par -----------
\par DESCRIPTION
\par -----------
\par This mod will add gravity effects to BC (honestly, what kind of space simulation game doesn\rquote t have gravity?), and of course other nice features. As their list is kinda big, and I need to explain them, let\rquote 
s just jump to the list of some of the features of the mod:
\par \tab -Makes Planets and Suns in the game generate an gravity well, which will pull ships whithin it's radius.
\par \tab -Includes the set called "Psi's Blackhole", which contains a blackhole.
\par \tab -Has an menu in UMM to set some options of GravityFX.
\par \tab -Can make torpedoes create an gravity well upon impact, with the use of plugins.
\par \tab -Can make ships have an gravity well, if they have an gravity generator subsystem.
\par \tab -Can also make ships not to be affected by any gravity well, with the use of plugins.
\par \tab -Includes the System Map, which is a window opened in the science forum, that shows a map of the surrondings of the player, including planets, ships, etc.
\par \tab -Includes another menu in science called "Gravity Sensors Menu", which shows gravity-related info about ships, and also has some other features.
\par \tab -Includes a menu in enginnering called "Gravity Generator Options" which shows the status of the player's ship gravity generators, allowing you to change the power of them aswell.
\par \tab -Can show information about some objects on the BC 3D map.
\par 
\par And some other options and features, covered deeper in following topics on this readme.
\par 
\par ------------
\par REQUIREMENTS
\par ------------
\par - BC 1.1
\par - Foundation
\par - EarthFX (also know as "Planet Classification Script") [included]
\par - Unified Main Menu  [optional (strongly recommended)]
\par With this you'll be able to set some nice settings for GravityFX in the game configurations menu.
\par 
\par -------------------------
\par Installation Instructions
\par -------------------------
\par To install this mod simply extract the contents of the folder "Manual Install" contained in this mod's RAR 
file to your Bridge Commander Directory, Windows will probably ask if you want to override the existing folders in BridgeCommander Directory, so just choose "Yes to all".
\par Or, use the .EXE installer contained in the "Automatic Install" folder.
\par 
\par ----------
\par How To Use  
\par ----------
\par Simply install, and then in the game menu turn on the mutator "USS Frontier\rquote s GravityFX" and "Planet Classification Script". 
\par Then start QB, or a QB match, or QBR, in some system which have planets/suns to "feel" the gravity, or to use some of the other features of this mod check out the following topics.
\par 
\par -------------------------
\par FOR MODDERS
\par -------------------------
\par Some other things, not covered here, relative to modding the game and taking into consideration GravityFX are covered in the \'93For Modders \endash  README\'94 contained in this pack. 
\par A suggested reading for those that want to mod the game, taking into consideration GravityFX, and what it does, how it does, info on the plugin tool, and some other things.
\par 
\par ------------------
\par Configuration Options
\par ------------------
\par With UMM you can set some settings of GravityFX, they are the following:
\par \tab -Gravity Force Multiplying Factor: this is a number from 1 to 2000 that you can set to increase the gravity force, with 1 being the real gravity val
ue, and 2000 being just an very big number that multiplies the real number, my advice to you if you set to 2000: have the Engage Warp button, BCS:TB ACO mod, and a good impulse engine ready, and NEVER shut down your engine =P.
\par \tab -System Map Scale: this is just the initial value of the scale of the system map, goes from 1 to 100000 Kms, you can increase/decrease the scale in-game by pressing + or \endash  in the NumPad.
\par \tab -Set System Map Scale to 1 Lightyear: Pratically just to say you can set the map scale to 1 lightyear, considering that in Star Trek, the ships sensors generates a map a couple of hundreds bigger than 1 lightyear\'85
 but in BC, the chance to you be in a situation that a ship is so this much far away it is very low.
\par \tab -Set Stock Planets Random Density: if on, GravityFX will set a random density to stock BC\rquote s planets/suns based on their classes.
\par \tab -Gravity Damage Factor: This bar sets the factor of gravity damage. 0% means that there WON'T be any gravity damage, while 100% means that the radius in which you take damage form gravity will be the same than the radius of the gravity well.
\par \tab -Produce Logs about GravityFX Activities: it\rquote s a menu with other buttons to select which main features of GravityFX will log their activities.\tab 
\par \tab -\'93Gravity will affect Stations?\'94: if on, gravity will affect stations as well, if they aren\rquote t able to sustain orbit anymore.
\par \tab -Initial Thruster State: Set the initial value of the option \'93Toggle Thrusters to Counter Gravity\'94 from the Gravity Sensors Menu.
\par \tab -Save Configuration: this will save the configuration selected, to effectively change the configuration of GravityFX.
\par 
\par ----------------
\par Plugins Info
\par ----------------
\par The plugins are simple python script files, put in an determined folder, normally created using the GravityFX Plugin Tool, tho it\rquote s possible to make them manually. 
\par Their purpose is to set a special gravity effect for a ship or an projectile(torpedo).
\par The gravity well of torpedoes are called \'93Torpedo Gravity Effect\'94. 
\par This is covered deeper in the \'93For Modders \endash  README\'94.
\par 
\par 
\par ---------------
\par Gravity Sensors Menu Info
\par ---------------
\par The Grav Sensors Menu is an double window you can open by clicking on an button with the same name on Miguel\rquote s (science officer) menu. Here\rquote s some info on it\rquote s features:
\par \tab -On the \'93Gravity Sensors Output\'94 window (it is the one to the right), the info about gravity on your ship is shown. The info that it displays are: how many gravity well are affecting the 
ship, which gravity wells and the force on which they are affecting the ship and if your ship has an gravity well it will show the info about it.
\par \tab -\'93Toggle Thrusters to Counter Gravity\'94 button: this will make the player\rquote s ship, if her impulse engines are working properly, to not be affected by planets/suns gravity wells.
\par \tab -\'93Toggle Map\'94 button: opens the 3D map from Bridge Commander.
\par \tab -\'93Show Gravity Wells on 3D Map\'94 button: if on, you\rquote ll see pink glows on some objects. These are meant to graphically show an gravity well.
\par \tab -"Enable Astrometrics" button: this will enable the Astrometrics view on the BC 3D map, check out the Astrometrics section on the readme.
\par \tab -\'93Show Gravity Info on All Ships\'94 button: if on, makes the Gravity Sensors Output window show the gravity info on ALL ships in the set, instead of just showing the info on the player.
\par \tab -\'93Close\'94 button: will close the Gravity Sensors Menu.
\par 
\par ---------------
\par System Map Info
\par ---------------
\par The system map is an window that is the size of the screen that contains a 2D map of the surroundings of the player, also opened by clicking on an button with the same name on Miguel\rquote s (science officer) menu. His features are:
\par \tab -Show all objects around an user-defined range (called \'93the system map scale\'94) of the player.
\par \tab -Objects are show as icons, classified as the objects type. (ships, station, planets, etc) 
\par \tab -Also shows the player\rquote s target, the radius of the gravity well of objects that have one, differ
entiates ships that have an gravity well from normal ships and Waypoints that are the point in space where a torpedo gravity effect is located, also shows the allegiance(friendly-enemy-neutral) of ships and stations.
\par \tab -By left-click creates an NAV Point on the space, after creating the NAV Point, left-clicking will target an object, if you clicked on the icon of an object.
\par \tab -Turning the \'93Show Objs Info\'94 Yes/No button on the map will show the object\rquote s name and Z axis value (on space, relative to the player\rquote s Z axis) on the right side of their icons.
\par \tab -When the map window is focused (open the system map window and click on it), pressing Numpad\rquote s + or \endash  keys will increase or decrease the scale of the map by an user defined factor. This factor you set on an bar 
located on the map, the range of the bar is 1-1000, with it\rquote s marker being on 100.
\par \tab -\'93Close\'94 button to close the map when clicked.
\par 
\par *I\rquote ve included a image in the pack to show what symbols are what.*
\par Note that some icons may appear differently when you\rquote re using a high scale on the map, but with some \'93training\'94 you\rquote ll get used to it.
\par Also note that the system map will most probably be best-viewed on 1024x768 resolution.
\par 
\par --------------
\par Astrometrics
\par --------------
\par When Astrometrics is enabled, BC 3D Map will contain text paragraphs showing information about some objects, the top-left corner of these paragraphs will appear just where the objects are located in the screen
\par 
\par --------------------------
\par Gravity Generator Options
\par --------------------------
\par The Gravity
 Generator Options menu, located in engineering, containg information about the gravity well being produced by your ship, the the gravity generators of your ship. Inside it there's another window which contains bars, one for each generator of your ship, t
hat allows you to select the amount of power that generator is using, and to see if it is online/disabled/destroyed/offline.
\par The more power you give for the generators, the more stronger the gravity well will be, and also the more power it'll spend.
\par You need to have at least 1 working generator to generate the gravity well.
\par 
\par Gravity Generators are specially named hull-subsystems of ships, adding one of them to a ship will make it have a gravity well. This is covered deeper in the For-Modders readme.
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid15079954 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16409631 {\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid16409631\charrsid16409631 ----------------------
\par Psi\rquote s Blackhole Info
\par ----------------------
\par This set was made by me, it contains 1 blue sun, 1 planet, 1 NAV point in between the planet/sun, 1 asteroid field (with a NAV point in it\rquote s center), and 1 blackhole (which is a ship, done by Nighthawk).
\par The initial idea was to make the blackhole gravity well have a radius of 1 million KMs, but then playing in the set was really difficult, so I lowered that to only 250000 KMs. Opening the Blackhole\rquote 
s Hardpoint script, and changing the blackhole generator attributes, just like it is said on the topic \'93Gravity Generator Info\'94 above, can increase or decrease the strength of the gravity well of the blackhole.}{
\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid16409631\charrsid16409631 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15079954 {\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid16409631\charrsid15079954 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid15079954\charrsid15079954 -------------
\par Logger Info
\par -------------
\par GravityFX features an logger. It\rquote s an script that gather information sent to it, and creates an log (an text file). It\rquote ll log the activities of some parts of GravityFX\rquote s code, and on some parts, it\rquote ll prevent errors 
on the code, simply logging the info on the error that happened on the log of that part of the code.
\par The log it generates contains information about how GravityFX is running, with the sole purpose of helping me debug it better, thus helping me make an better mod. ;)
\par However, due to the nature of logging (writing to a text file), this may cause slowdowns sometimes. So I recommend setting GravityFX to log it\rquote s activities only if you want to debug it. Normally if someone reports an error to me i'll ask for the
 logs (or an specific log).
\par 
\par ------------------------------------------------------
\par More Info \endash  Curiosities, Advices and just some other ramdom stuff
\par ------------------------------------------------------
\par GravityFX will load at the start of BC, but you\rquote ll probably just \'93feel\'94 it when you\rquote re on a game.
\par It was tested on QB and QBR, working fine on both. If it will work on single player or multiplayer I do not know, that aspect wasn\rquote t tested, so if any of you can, give it a try and report your findings to me.
\par Another note of curiosity is that if your impulse engines are disabled/destroyed/without power (or in other words, if you\rquote re dead in space) the ship will get pulled more faster at each moment towards a gravity well, because the ship doesn\rquote 
t have a engine to try to remain at the speed you want, still there maybe times that even with an working impulse engine you\rquote ll be pulled very fast, so just use you imagination commander, and i\rquote 
m sure you can save your ship from crashing on an planet or worse.
\par This mod was made following real world physics formulas and stuff, with just some minor aspects of it adapted for BC because of BC\rquote 
s Engine limitations. But you can still slingshot around a well if you get the right speed and angle (then shut down your engine to drift), you\rquote 
ll be differently affected if there are 2 or more wells acting upon you, and it is not just you, the AI will also be affected in the same manner. Unfortunately, until this version at least, the AI won\rquote t try to flee from the wells if it is very near
 one, or take any actions taking the gravity wells into consideration.
\par 
\par --------
\par Bugs
\par --------
\par None that are known.
\par 
\par --------
\par Contact me
\par --------
\par Go to the GravityFX board over at the BCS:TNG forums (http://bcscripters.com/forums/index.php/board,28.0.html), I\rquote m pratically always there.
\par Or contact by email, my email is: fernandoragnarok AT hotmail DOT com
\par          (this is for anti-spam issues, change "AT" for "@" and "DOT" for ".", and you have my email)
\par 
\par --------------
\par Credits
\par --------------
\par MEdelen, on BCU, for the idea of giving gravity to BC.
\par MLeo, for some help on programming when this mod was in the early stage of development.
\par BCS:TNG, for help and advices, letting me use their Planet Classification Script and by allowing me to have an board dedicated to GravityFX on their forum.
\par Rob Archer, for giving me some sound files to play when you\rquote re being damaged by a gravity well.}{\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid15079954 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid16409631 Nighthawk, for the astonishing blackhole ship model.}{\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid16409631\charrsid15079954 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid15079954\charrsid15079954 And everyone at the BCS forums which gave a comment or idea to this mod!
\par 
\par -----------
\par Copyright
\par -----------
\par THIS MATERIAL IS NOT MADE, DISTRIBUTED, OR SUPPORTED BY Activision TM & (C) INTERPLAY & PARAMOUNT PICTURES.
\par 
\par Star Trek, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: Voyager
\par and related properties are Registered Trademarks of Paramount Pictures
\par registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
\par All original designs are copyright \'a9 Paramount Pictures.
\par No infringement of Paramount's copyrights is intended.
\par 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid15079954\charrsid16409631 ---------------
\par Distribution
\par ---------------
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid15079954\charrsid15079954 All files in this zip are for personal use only and cannot be bought or sold. They also cannot be modified or released in any way without the author's permission.}{
\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid7157860\charrsid15079954 
\par }}