{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f211\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f212\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f214\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f215\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f216\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f217\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f218\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f219\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f221\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f222\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f224\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f225\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f226\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f227\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f228\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f229\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0
}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1598877\rsid3353594\rsid5120207\rsid7883016\rsid10957228\rsid12982603\rsid16455124}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author Mark Ward}{\operator Mark Ward}{\creatim\yr2006\mo6\dy5\hr20\min32}
{\revtim\yr2006\mo6\dy25\hr14\min7}{\version8}{\edmins10}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords503}{\nofchars2868}{\*\company None}{\nofcharsws3365}{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120
\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot1598877 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\f1\insrsid10957228 Bridge Plugin Core (20060}{\f1\insrsid5120207 625}{\f1\insrsid10957228 )
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid10957228 Background
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 
\par About 18 months ago during tests on ATP:D a bug was discovered. The problem was that}{\f1\fs20\insrsid1598877  occasionally the game would not go through}{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228  the unloading of the old bridge model.
\par 
\par This led to the idea of using this \'93bug\'94 to load a specialised bridge model to cover up the badly mapped parts of the stock bridges.
\par 
\par Over the next few months Madon, Mleo and LC Amaral worked on the idea, however real life took time away from the project and after a while al}{\f1\fs20\insrsid1598877 most all}{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228  progress had halted.
\par 
\par Shortly after this I took control of the project and started pushing on with it. With Mleo\rquote s help the project became more then just a functional script, it started shaping up into a framework of functions t
hat could be used to add effects, characters, and extra parts to bridges.
\par 
\par I dubbed the project \'93Bridge Plugin\'94 due to the modular system that had been implemented by this time.
\par 
\par Finally Bridge Plugin CORE was created due to the huge complexity of the project, it became necessary to separate the mods so that the necessary time could be spent on them.}{\f1\insrsid10957228 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 Since then we have been adding functionality, and creating new modules for you to enjoy.
\par 
\par The file you have just downloaded is the result of }{\i\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 years }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 of work fro
m a lot of good people. My thanks goes to them all for helping to create the biggest leap in bridge modding since the original Bridge Foundation.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid1598877 
\par Thanks for the support everyone!
\par 
\par Mark
\par }{\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid10957228 
\par Credits
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 
\par Apollo \endash  for ATP:D, where it all started
\par Mark \endash  Project Manager
\par Madon \endash  Initial Scripting
\par Mleo \endash  Main Scripter
\par LostJedi \endash  Scripting
\par LC \endash  Advice, Ideas
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 To all the testers over the months \endash  THANKYOU!
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid10957228 Install
\par }{\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid10957228 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid7883016 1}{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 .\tab }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3353594 If you installed Bridge Plugin 0.8 you need to download and install
 the BP0.8 nullifier available at BCFiles.com}{\f1\fs20\insrsid16455124 .}{\f1\fs20\insrsid3353594 
\par 2.   }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 Run }{\f1\fs20\insrsid7883016\charrsid7883016 BridgePluginCore.exe}{\f1\fs20\insrsid7883016  }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 and follow the on-screen instructions.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3353594 3}{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 .\tab Enjoy.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1598877 {\f1\fs20\insrsid1598877 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1598877 {\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid12982603 Version History}{\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid1598877 
\par }{\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid12982603 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid12982603\charrsid12982603 20060519}{\f1\fs20\insrsid12982603  \endash  First full public release.
\par 20060625 \endash  Fixed single player compatability issue.}{\i\f1\fs20\ul\insrsid12982603\charrsid12982603 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid1598877 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid12982603 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12982603 {\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid12982603\charrsid12982603 Known Bugs
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1598877 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12982603 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid1598877 Just one at the moment which involves map swapping. When map swapping from a stable map to a animated setup there can
 be issues. A good example of this is the galaxy bridge status displays where at green and yellow alert the map is still, however at red alert it flashes and this has been identified as causing an issue between yellow alert and red alert.
\par 
\par The exact details of this bug have not been ironed down however it will probably be resolved in a later release of Core.
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid10957228 Notes
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid10957228 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 \'93}{\i\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 per bridge loading screen\'94}{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228  Mutator: when enabled uses custom loading screens for any bridge that has the function enabled.
\par 
\par Unified Main Menu: This mod has UMM functionality. if you have UMM installed you will be able to tweak your Bridge Plugin Module\rquote s settings.
\par 
\par Enterprise A Active LCARS: Bridge Plugin CORE disables this mod when it is installed, this is done to avoid compatibility issues
. A new version of the enterprise A bridge will be released soon which uses Bridge Plugin for active LCARS so you wont need this mod anyway.
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid10957228 Bridge Plugin Project: In the works:
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 
\par TOS Constitution Bridge Pack
\par Miranda Bridge v2
\par Early TNG Galaxy Bridge
\par Sensor Static
\par JediFX
\par BP Sounds
\par MVAM Maps
\par Cloak Maps
\par Prometheus Bridge
\par Shuttle Viewscreen
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid10957228 Contact
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 Email: mark.ward at gmail.com
\par BCU: Mark
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10957228 {\i\f1\fs22\ul\insrsid10957228 Final Note
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 To all you developers I\rquote d just like to say that a tutorial is on its way when I get round to it.. in the meanwhile hold tight. }{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228\charrsid10957228 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 74 \\f "Wingdings"
 \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f10\fs20}}}{\f1\fs20\insrsid10957228 
\par }}